Add Android v7 requirement API 19 (#7595)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/migration.mdx

description: "Migrating between versions of Sentry's SDK for Android."
---

## Migrating from `io.sentry:sentry-android 6.x` to `io.sentry:sentry-android 7.0.0`

> - This version requires API level 19.
>   - Older versions with NDK integration support API level 16.
>     To support the devices on the API level lower than 16, update your `AndroidManifest.xml`:
> 
> ```xml {filename:AndroidManifest.xml}
> <manifest>
>     <!-- Merging strategy for the imported manifests -->
>     <uses-sdk tools:overrideLibrary="io.sentry.android" />
> </manifest>
> ```
> 
>     With these changes the SDK will be enabled on all devices with API level ≥ 14 and the SDK with NDK will be enabled on all devices with API level ≥ 16.
> 
> - Older versions without NDK integration support API level 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `io.sentry:sentry-android 7.0.0` requires API level 19.

    Older versions with the NDK integration support API level 16. To support devices on an API level lower than 16, update your `AndroidManifest.xml`:

    ```xml {filename:AndroidManifest.xml}
    <manifest>
        <!-- Merging strategy for the imported manifests -->
        <uses-sdk tools:overrideLibrary="io.sentry.android" />
    </manifest>
    ```

    With these changes the SDK will be enabled on all devices with API level ≥ 14 and the SDK with NDK will be enabled on all devices with API level ≥ 16.

- Older versions without the NDK integration support API level 14.
```

Reviewer: formatting tweaks and some small language tweaks
